update readme (#223)
test-kitchen/kitchen-azurerm: README.md

### Configuration

> For the driver to interact with the Microsoft Azure Resource management REST API, a Service Principal needs to be configured with Contributor rights against the specific subscription being targeted. Using an Organizational (AAD) account and related password is no longer supported. To create a Service Principal and apply the correct permissions, you will need to [create an Azure service principal with the Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/create-an-azure-service-principal-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest#create-a-service-principal) using the [Azure CLI](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/xplat-cli-install/). Make sure you stay within the section titled 'Password-based authentication'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the driver to interact with the Microsoft Azure Resource Management REST APIyou need to configure a  Service Principal with Contributor rights for a specific subscription. Using an Organizational (AAD) account and related password is no longer supported. To create a Service Principal and apply the correct permissions, see the [create an Azure service principal with the Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/create-an-azure-service-principal-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest#create-a-service-principal) and the [Azure CLI](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/xplat-cli-install/) documentation. Make sure you stay within the section titled 'Password-based authentication'.
```

> You are now ready to configure kitchen-azurerm to use the credentials from the service principal you created above. You will use four elements from the steps in that article:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are now ready to configure kitchen-azurerm to use the credentials from the service principal you created above. You will use four elements from the output:
```

1. **Subscription ID**: available from the Azure portal

> 2. **Client ID**: this will be the value of appId from the output above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Client ID**: the appId from the output above.
```

> 2. **Client ID**: this will be the value of appId from the output above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Client ID**: the appId value from the output.
```

> 3. **Client Secret/Password**: this will be the value of password from the output above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Client Secret/Password**: the password from the output.
```

> 4. **Tenant ID**: this will be the value of tenant from the output above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Tenant ID**: the tenant from the output.
```
